Add link to plug-in repo (#271)
jellyfin/jellyfin-docs: general/server/plugins/index.md

# Plugins

> Jellyfin has a collection of optional plugins that can be installed to provide additional features. To create a plug-in, see the [plug-in template](https://github.com/jellyfin/jellyfin-plugin-template) repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Jellyfin has a collection of optional plugins that can be installed to provide additional features. To create a plugin, see the [plugin template](https://github.com/jellyfin/jellyfin-plugin-template) repository.
```
